Try fix for damageprofiler sometimes needing a fai file (#929)
nf-core/eager: CHANGELOG.md

- Changed endors.py license from GPL to MIT (by @aidaanva)
- Removed erroneous R2 in single-end example in input TSV of usage docs (by @aidaanva)

> - Fixed edge case of DamageProfiler occasionally requiring FASTA index (♥ to Asmaa Ali for reporting)

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed edge case of DamageProfiler occasionally requiring FASTA index (♥ to @asmaa-a-abdelwahab for reporting)
```
